Now close your eyes.
Take a deep breath.
Your brain follows only my commands.
Oh gosh! He killed them!
Grandpa.
Come. I'll introduce you.
-Introduce?! What are you saying?
-Then stop staring and run, guys!
-Remove it!
-Why the sudden shift in climate?
You must just enjoy grandpa's wonders.
You shouldn't question them.
I must do something unforgettable.
It should become a sensation.
Everyone must be stunned thinking,
"How did this guy pull this off?"
I can't take this anymore.
Mother Durga! Please protect my grandson.
He's not just some street magician
who knows a few spells.
He's an exorcist,
a psychiatrist, and a hypnotist.
He's playing with our brains.
Then let's settle this with the star!
Star to star.
Star Wars!
It's impossible to face him.
See for yourself now.
What's your problem?
Am I an ant that would sting
when you reach into the anthill?
I'm the demon!
BEEP